hello to all my guests and viewers
the channel today finally lived on
apple pie on vegan apple
pie
that is, in this pie in this charlotte
we will not be used it not
milk and so and so for us for this
need need a glass
wheat flour
a glass of cornmeal if you are not present
cornmeal is nothing terrible you
you can replace the corn bite with
glass semolina but I honestly more
like the cornmeal oven and so
a glass
corn and wheat flour
glass of apple juice in my proper
squeezed so he with such a foam and not
began to separate
quite store juice is also suitable
need sugar prescription goes
a glass of sugar I will put less
sugar and still need a quarter
cups of cooking oil I have it
corn oil
so fragrant and also to us yet
need a pinch of salt
spoon without a slide of soda and a spoon of cinnamon who
wants can poklast more so
let's start cooking
prepare the apples I prefer
will refuse to clean
each one that's how I will cut into 6
wimples naturally remove the bingo heart
I prepared all the apples and set aside
while aside and take the test and so
first we mix all dry
the ingredients are on the bitch wheat flour
as I said
how do we find out cinnamon
soda
you can add sugar right away and all
shuffle to dry our tapes
firmware mixed at all for
gigantic let foot pies great
the combination is when you have a test
Well, as the Ukrainian learned bomann ka
plus apple or orange juice flour
Markova Corn Will Make Your Dough
as close as possible to
Biscuit, that is, it is straight biscuit
dough is fully obtained
and now add oil and juice
by the way oil you can use
any on their own
I have already decided to support the idea itself.
corn
corn and so i have
Cornmeal combined with tasty
butter and mix all the juice on the pawn
immediately begin to react to the soda and
our dough is obtained such air
Here is the consistency as online
all the dough is ready to form butter
sprinkle vegetable corn on top
flour
can mom and spread dough form
and
uncomfortable spoon for some reason I did not immediately
used the spatula well as always
what is at hand is a topic using s3 for
evenly dough for this you can still
dry up now take dimples and
we put the slices as if sinking them
the test
and from above you need a little powder
sugar sugar at caramel sueza and will
beautiful surface to
and so here's a pie I got
I think it looks appetizing and now
I will cut it and serve the table all
This is how my charlotte looks like in a cut.
very lush tasty pie get
and lived all bon appetite and up
new delicious healthy recipes to all
until